It is a Fantastic deive Which I have ever seen . It is an UNCOMPRAMISE device . Good Job Guys . Exceedingly good! . The fingerprint reader works like a charm . Sharp display . Really cool camera . Google voice assist is very responsive . Reliance Jio works seamlessly . Buy the lunar grey . Its better looking . Have purchased both . Excellent phone overall based on a 1-week experience of mine . I would rate it 9/10 . Very good camera, Android 7 works like a charm, 4G and GPS are swift to use . Worth more One of the best smartphone in this range . Camera quality better than moto g4 + although laser auto focus feature is absent in moto g5/g5+ camera performance is good . 
Camera quality is very good, Specially macros . VOLTE working fine . No heating issue observed . Lovely moto actions . Fast Charging takes 1hr 30 mins for 5% to 100% . Google assistant works fine if you are a beta user . 
Marvellous . Outatanding . Terrefic . Obviously best in class . Great Camera . Fabulous Fantastic Fascinating Fast Five star product . It's an awesome phone with awesome features With a sleek & metallic design, it surely wins everone's heart , Worth buying this . The Phone is just a killer . Awesome performance, Amazing Look, Amazing camera, just happy buying this phone . Turbo Charging Charges 50% in just in 30mins . Gorgeous looking mobile and feels so premium phone while holding in hand . Display is punchy and crisp . Speaker is loud and clear . Camera is just Awesome i tested in low light conditions,truely best in its class . Build quality is great!.lens cover on rear camera is glass not plastic like moto g4 . All new Stock Android Experience, Nice vibrant screen, Dedicated SD card port in Hybrid Slot, Nano ports for both sim, Nice battery life, Nice quality sound . 
Every worth for money . Starting from looks to its performance everything is great in this phone . Size of the phone is perfect, camera outstanding, gaming is superb . If someone is considering to buy this product then don't think much just go for it . 
Good looking phone with good features . Camera quality is exceptional . Installed many apps and performance is still good . Played graphic intensive games . phone does not heat . value for money . 
Looks premium with 7.7mm thin . Screen quality and saturation great . Battery backup is also very good, lasts upto 1 day full . faster Performance with 4gb ram . Camera quality is good . Network connectivity also good but it can accept 4g in single sim while another sim will be 3g/2g . also volte supports in 4g . dedicated sim slot with micro sd . 
Battery life easily 1full working day . Stylish looks and feels premium while holding it . Front camera is very good even back camera too . 23gb intetnal memory available for use . Overall a value for money phone . Looks Stylish . Awesome Performance . Perfect for gaming . Camera Good . Battery backup to Good . No heating issue . charge 0 to 100% within 1 hour 30 min . am totally satisfied . unbelievable performance . camera is great in low or outdoor light condition n front camera is also great in all lighting condition . this phone has ELECTRONIC VIDEO STABILIZATION . speaker is good . battery life is Awesome . Stock Android . unbelievable performance . camera is great in low or outdoor light condition n front camera is also great in all lighting condition . this phone has ELECTRONIC VIDEO STABILIZATION . speaker is good . battery life is Awesome (thanks for snapdragon625) . Stock Android . 
fingerprint works like a charm . no words for camera simply great . excellent performance and smooth drive . 5.2 is perfect size and display is also very good . battery is good enough 4 all day use . no heating issue . The Best phone in this price range.Camera Quality is superior . Battery is quite supportive for 24 hrs of backup . Overall design and perfomance as they say is uncompromised . battery runs for atleast 1 and a half days . Charges very fast, thanks to Turbo charging . no heating issue encountered till now . Performance is fast . Both, front and rear cameras are great . Nice images even in low light condition . Battery performance is also good even with 3000 maH . 
Premium build . Perfect Design and Display . Best camera in this price range . Phone is running smooth and i am in love with both of these . This phone is too good . Here is the few good things which I noticed . Decent build quality . Turbo charging support . Near-stock Android Nougat experience . Quick fingerprint sensor .   
Built quality is amazing and stylish . round edges are always nice . Gorilla glass is flawless, i never use screen guard, i like to keep my gadgets bare naked . Battery life with very heavy uses like gaming and Youtube whole day is about 14 Hours AND with moderate use is about 20-24 Hours . Fingerprint sensors work like charm . Moto one button gestures are very useful and work well . stock android is awesome too . works well with 4 GB RAM and Snapdragon 625 . No Lags at all . Mobile charges in 100 Minutes to 100% . Camera performance is average, good for what you are paying . Overall a Good phone as you get value for money . Mobile looking super . BATTERY LIFE is Brilliant . No heating device . Camera not as much as Moto shows in ads . Overall nice budget phone . Arguably the best all round smartphone under 20K . Use with charm, very good mobile . It has best in class camera, best performance, awesome battery life thanks to Qualcomm Snapdragon 625 ,Good display, and amazing Stock Android 7.0, and 4k video . 
Moto display, Moto Actions are also awesome . Display so crisp, I see no Glare . The camera did amaze me . Aperture of f/1.7 too . Can shoot in quite dark . Tis' sure to amaze you . Fingerprint scanner, did justice to the phone . Tis' so accurate, got my mind blown . Snapdragon 625, performs like a beast . Using it for hours, I still feel no heat . Battery packs small, still lasts long time . Turbo Charger is Bae, performs very Fine . Looks very sleek, Tis' a beautiful device, Also performs great, got some great . 
Mobile is marvelous . battery is good . No lag . camera is awesome, I think Dolby atoms should be added by lenovo . It's superb . Camera could have been better keeping the price range . Afterall an Awesome mobile . Nice and Worthy.. It's a awesome mobile with awesome features and it's very handy and comfortable to hold it in our hands..... I just loved the phone ......and best delivery . I am using this phone for the past 1 month . And have to admit, i am really impressed . Awesome phone....... great looks and great build quality looks very premium . Good and quick delivery by flipkart . Great battery life . Good build quality . No lagging . No heating . Good camera . Great fingerprint sensor Stylish Finish . Elegant . Awesome Camera . RichImages . Handy Usage . Good Battery Backup . Good Resolution . Nice Audio Quality . Camera quality is awesome, both indoor & outdoor shots have decent quality . Design is super awesome, specially display has curvy edges which gives an awesome feel . Just for some screen protection, I have applied a glass protector . But the touch experience on bare screen or without protector is simply awesome . Nice phone . Everything is good . Excellent mobile . dont listen to fake reviews ...... no heating issue .......no cons ..... adding to the camera .... it has front screen flash ..... The large display on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 is perfect for watching movies, playing games and much more.Superb phone .. Built quality excellent .. Jio runs superb ... very fast . Fabulous, Fantastic, Furious and Futuristic ! Excellent Phone in this Price . Battery Life Excellent . Camera quality is Good . Processor lightning Fast . Screen Quality is Excellent . 64 GB and 4 GB Combination is perfect . Just go for it . If you need only camera phone than don't go . But if you need all-round than go for it . You can't get better combination in this Price at this Time . Nice slim design with 2.5D glass .Outstanding performance . (SD 625 is very efficient & almost 2GB RAM remains free at any instant to accompany the CPU) . Camera is decent at out doors & front camera is also great . ( Root your note 4 to unlock 4k recoding and manual shutter speed so as to shoot like a pro) . Screen is just amazing . Colours pop . Overall MIUI experience is very decent and friendly . Tons of customizable features for enthusiasts . (Thanks to MIUI) . Fingerprint sensor does it's job like a boss . No heating issue till writing this review . Awesome battery backup . ( Thanks to 14nm process) . Almost all required sensors in a smartphone are available . Pretty Fast . Camera is good, specifically the front camera . Pretty Fast . Camera is good, specifically the front camera . good looks . batter camera . good sound compare to mi note 3 . more then 1 Hr extra battery backup . no heating problem . good sound quality . great performance .. In this price it is best . Nice . looks better than redmi note 3 . Excellent performance and multitasking due to 4gb of Ram . No sign of lag . Touch is smooth and super responsive . Phone features are awesome . Some apps and features are really very helpful for day to day life . Dual apps support is there . You can have two facebook,two whatsapp, two imo at a same time.4g network and volte enabled.It could have better. My lenovo k3 note has better sound than mi 4 note.camera is the most talked about feature of this phone after its realese. I have tested it today. Checked with the normal light, outdoor condition, low light. Outdoor photo is superb. received it the next day.Wonderful.Excellent.I was always a Moto lover but my trust got built through Redmi 3S prime and that trust pushed me to try this phone and surprisingly I found a very good phone with excellent features with a awesome front and back camera & now who needs a memory card with a 64gb storage phone, battery is a killer and lasting upto 2 days with continuous 4g usage, sound is crisp with dual speakersHighly satisfied with a week's usage.Awesome phone.Superb battery back up.Nice performance.Font camera clarity too good.phone is good in all other sections in this price range.Best Product in this price category.. Must buy..Perfect product!Value for money!Really a great experience. Phone got delivered within three days.Snapdragon 625 makes it very smooth and 4Gb RAM makes it very efficient. Great gaming experience:-*Camera is not that good during day light but gives nice low light capturing performance.MIUI 8 provides perfect user friendliness with customized themes.There are many special inbuilt features provided by Redmi Note4 :Customizing notification bar, second space, dual apps, permissions (which makes phone more secure from third party apps), one handed phone(minimizes screen window which helps user to use it one handed), quick ball, child mode, three fingers scrollable screenshot and many more.....!And there are many more reasons to buy this phone which you all will know when you buy it!!!Best phone to buy under 15k.No heating ND nice profamence.good looks batter camera.good sound compare to mi note 3.more then 1 Hr extra battery backup.no heating problem.Classy product.Awesome phone...Mind-blowing purchase.Awesome delivery in 2days...Good Finishing of Redmi Note 4 Black and very smooth to using and camera is also superbb... No prmblm in battery or Anything... At last aswsome mobile in this range.Worth every pennyOne of best phone under 13k ...impressive built Quality... Good Camera nd powerful hardware.Good product...poor delivery by EkatrI got my order on 30 April which I had collected personally from Ekart Borivali office.Process:- 4GB RAM gives awesome speed.System does not hang. 64 GB ROM is good at this priceBattery backup is very good.BrilliantI have received redmi note 4 black matte 64gb version today. Packaging is so good.About phone: its fabulous phone.Amazing battery back up, good camera, great memory, beautiful colour of phone with classy primium look of black matte makes it different from other phone. I am loving every feature of this phone.great product.don't watch any youtube video regarding the phone go for its i want say in one word its awesome everything camera ,battery, speed of processing is ultra fast so, don't wasted your time on youtube and go for it specially 4gb 64gb version ....i am happy with this phone .Phone is nice great lookMetal body look premium Ram management is poor Out of 4 gb only 1.8 gb is free without installing any appBattery backup is very nicebut it t takes 2.45 hours to fully charge not 2 hours as everyone is saying. Display is crisp and vibrant Touch is very nice smooth.Super!Redmi Note 4!! Gave performance more than expected. The phone in the era of competition. Satisfied my wishes and expectations.Super!Looks are a stunning. Charging time is higher compare to other. Black 64 GB is the best option .Screen brightness is still need to be improved . Memory card option with two sim not possible but that is not required if we opt for 64 GB. Approx 52 GB and 2 GB ram is available . Speaker is in bottom not back side which is good. Overall keeping in mind of 13000 rs it's not a bad option. In fact it's a very good option. Wonderful Mobile!!! Battery life is good,Display quality is good, Good looking, Camera can be made even better, #Battery Life is good.#Does not heat a lot.#Fast Processing.Worth the mone.Good Mobile. Value for money.It is a excellent mobile phone and a excellent service by flipkart...Awesome.Best fonein this budget.Battery life is awesome. It lasts full day without charging and I am left with around 60-70% at end of the day with heavy usage.Camera quality is good, both front and rear.MIUI is good./ Display is pleasing.Excellent.AWESOME SIMPLY AWESOME......WHAT A FABULOUS BODY.......THIS IS BEAUTY AND THE BEAST ........A far far far upgraded camera a awesome batery life ... No heating.....A AWESOME DISPLAY .......ONE OF THE BEST LOOK in the world...and that Curved glass is just oh mah godddd.......WORTH EACH AND EVERY PENNY..... LADIES AND GENTLEMEN LET ME PRESENT YOU THE BEST PHONE OF THE YEAR- REDMI NOTE 41. Performance - its best in class, its budget phone but you will be surprised how smooth it is when its performs, performance got even better after i updated it (yes, you can update it with new MIUI system stability update right after you unbox your device and use it for first time.) *****update - using it as my daily driver with my primary gmail acc, installed almost 100 apps, no issue or bugs, some hiccups with nova launcher but its not device problem, hope devs can fix it. 2. design - its best in class, you can feel in hand that it is premium product. *****update - applied screen protector and ipaky cover, now its heavy but still premium, look for covers and screenguard at ebay , good deals and perfect fit for phone. 3. Battery life - As Mi compared it to pixel and iphone 7, im not saying it's bad but i'm really getting over 5 to 6 Hours of SOT with high usage. So its really Got a good battery life. *****update - still getting over 5 hours of SOT, avg 4.5 to 5.2 hours.4. Screen - its a 1080p IPS panel, similar to redmi note 3, but its more richer and colours are more Brighter on Note 4, make sure you use a screen guard on it or be careful with the screen :). *****update - make sure u apply a screen guard :) 5. Connectivity - Device comes with all standard features Like 4G Volte, BT 4.1,Wifi etc , no issues with Jio or any other 4g network Provider. *****update - i found device gets hot if u use jio constantly like when you watching full hd videos on youtube or make video calls, but later i found its bcoz jio4gvoice app, make sure u kill other apps at background during standby mode, use apps like greenify.. 6. Camera - i took some Pics on day light and night time, few with low lights, after using every mods and custom apps with custom settings , i can say that its a good camera, not the best camera , but its better then most of the other budget devices and really better then redmi 3s prime and redmi note 3. *****update - camera is good not the best, no issues while using it. 7. No heating issue - i'm using this device now for 3 days, and i didn't faced any heating issue normally , i played games (clash of clans and clash royale which are power and connection hungry) for like 2 hours straight and it did got heat up at back panel near camera and mid section , but its got cooled down in few minutes,and there was no lag or performance issues while i was playing those games. *****update - it does gets hot only if u use in ultra mode like watching full hd videos constantly in 4g network or play intense gfx games for longer period, rest of the time its always stays cool. 8. Double tap to wake up - you guys know already its a good feature, its gonna be more awesome if we can double tap to make screen off :D. also they added some nice gesture like pressing volume buttons wakes the device, volume down twice will launch camera, also many cool gesture are available in MIUI like 3 finger swipe for screenshot etc. *****update - enjoying it.Excellent
India's no. 1 phone 4gb 64gb in 9899 rupees only . Excellent phone.Performance: it is very beautifully balanced between speed and stability,no app crashes and less load timeI played dead trigger,asphalt, critical ops with out any lag.Battery : is just amazing ,it lasts a say without breaking a sweatHeat: it doesn't heat.sounds quality is far superior then others phone within this range.Camera quality is very good and u will not find front 8mp with flash in this range.Though processor is not Snapdragon but it is ok display quality is far better.additional key for music is differentiate among all phones in this range.
No heating issue noticed till now.Depth mood is awesome in this price range.And I love the Stock Android experience.Camera is very very very bad, remaining all is ok.Very nice phone.This phone is good under 6999, but not the best,,the 13 mp rear camera only for name,but like 5 mp,battery is very good, overall performance of this phone is good but camera is disappointing guys.Good phone in this range. Awesome battery life. Phone doesn't heat even after playing heavy games.Thank you very happyCall quality is bad, may due to mic problem. The Opposite person hears very less volume.
slight heating issue also there.Good Other than that battery is good and performance is also ok. Delivery was really good by flipkart. Now coming to speaker its really bad and gives sound like a radio. Dont buy it by looking at its specs.Nice phone.Good.It's battery is awesome . Nice product . Excellent . Very good . Superb mobile phone . Excellent phone it's a nice one in cheap price! . Good phone better battery back up . Super Nice product . Good price to product ratio . Really super phone .Nice phone . Nice product . Excellent . Good phone . Good phone . Very good & nice productShukriya Flipcart team .
good features with that budget i loved it,,, totally its a good product . Nice mobile. Nice models. Nice video/sound quality, battery valo,camera nice.thanks flipcart . Fabulous products amazing experience . Nice phone at that price range...thank u . Awesome at this price go for it . So so small mobile time pass good mobile . Excellent product for this price range. Initially the phone was bit laggy, received a software update and the problem got fixed. Only downside is the viewing angles of the display everything else works fine . Best budget phone . 
Very nice product.And faster smart delivery by Flipkart . Smartphone in this range is upper than expectations . I like it very much and its camera is awesome thanks Flipkart . Worth a buy! I ordered this phone and Im proud about it.. its working so smoth, amazing battery beckup, perfect HD display, front camera is also fine.. I watch a lot of HD or bluray movies in Karbon phone.. definitely loved it in such price range.. why we indians go for foreign brands, while we can buy our own products and help our economy! Very good product Camera, mobile design and battery charge awesome
Best mobile and fast delivery ....I like this product ...Thank you Flipkart . I bought it one week ago and I tell u that it is the best phone I have ever used. Worth of money. Camera supar, Gemming mind blowing, looks killer, everything just amazing. You should buy it . Very nice phone.. battery is also working for full day even if you uses Internet for full day..Camera result is awesome for front camera.Rear camera dual function is Good.. Pretty good phone with good cameras I love it Battery is very good Over all All r good in this price from Lenovo Thank u #Flipkart
Awesome performance . Fast shipping, product was worth every penny, it had a stock launcher and a very good display . Exelent and superb phone and fast delivery camera quality is super. Fully satisfied . Awesome delivery by Flipkart . Good product but packing can be better . Good product but packing can be better . it good stuff. different look than k6 note. however few feature like battery strength need to be more. rest awesome phone. go for it . This product is very awesome and battery life is very very best . Best phone in this range . Awesome look . I loved the product. Very nice . Super phone at the given price range !! .
This product is a very nice and I am always happy shopping with this side because filpkart services is very fast an Real thanks to filpkart . Super mobile . Nice look and fast process . I couldn't find next to it's amazing phone . Received it just an hour ago ,was very excited to open ,and just loved when opened it,i prefer everybody to order this phone ,this is the best phone under 20,000 rs ,awesome i loved it!!! Absolute lag-less experience. No issues with performance at all. Fluidic switching between apps (even games). Amazing fingerprint scanner (To be very frank, I've tested OnePlus3 too; and I found Z2 Plus is faster. 
Gets faster as you keep using it). Sound output through 3.5mm jack is just crystal clear. For an Audiophile like me, Treble output was decent, Bass was amazing. The Speaker was decent enough; easily heard in outside crowd conditions (Although I rarely use the speakers). UHealth app works fairly accurately, Pedometer sensor is pretty good. U-Touch option is one of its kind (Best feature) The 4G speeds on this is just amazing. (Apparently, I found that its always active on the 4G bandwidth so whenever I switch on data it displays all the messages instantly). The charging rate is pretty fast too, takes around 2hr 15mins on an average to charge.
5 inch form-factor is wonderful, and just what I wanted. Looks like an iPhone Jet Black series due to the backside glass. Double Tap to wake is an awesome feature . Superb Phone. loved it. Satisfied with Performance and Appearance. Best in this price range. Thanks to flipkart for the offers. Excellent screen, compact size, fast n furious, good sound, Mind blowing battery back up. This freaking unbelievable in today's date you getting Snapdragon 820 2.15 GHz processor with finger print ahhh that may not be unique feature for u but getting packed with 3500mah battery hellyeah it has type c bundled with quick charger 3.0 which give 1.5 HR to 100% power plus due to 5 inch display phone last long to more than a day with normal use clicking phone pics using snapchat WhatsApp n few games all connected to 4g LTE too..
plus giving 441 ppi display with vivid colours yeah now that makes phone worth buying don't think much I must add there is no heating or lagging due to such powerful processor!Under this price... Go for it ! Phone design is too good It's looks like sony xperia z and the processing is very fast. and nice battery back up Picture quality is also very good. Decent camera at this price range .low light camera little bit less. Battery performance good not bad it gives 1 day normal use charge..little bit heating on charging otgerwise ok.. video call facility is as of now not there may b in update u get. performance wise good. And finger print sensor also work really well... Overall rating 4/5.. Best in terms of performance. camera and sound output average. battery life decent.Heating problem is there though it doesn't get ovetheated.
I think u should buy it if u want smooth performance. But dont buy it if u are multimedia lover.I always want smoothest performance.so 5 star .























