The mobile is good enough for daily uses.. But battery & camera department lacks a little bit.Battery does average performance.Got the badest experience on front camera the pics are not clear and if you on the selfi mode its look like a 3.d image which looks fake..Battery life is very less. Need to charge 3 times in my 9 office working hours as my net is on continuously.Bad cellphone.Phone looks is very good, flexible, smooth and smart,But there's having battery backup issue, voice problem and auto disconnect during incoming or outgoing calls, netwrk issue etc. it's front camera is not upto mark, battery backup is not very good.Small disappointment with back camera ..Front camera is ok..Good phone(3.5),but this phone is not for selfie lovers.There is no doubt this is a good phone.but front camera quality is very very poor. this is not for selfie lovers.Best mobile but flash sale is not correct. Speaker is not upto the mark. It's loud but not clear enough.Camera should be better in some cases.Fast charging not available.MIUI prioritize looks over performance just opposite to the Oxygen OS. I hope updates shall bring balance. Lacks availability due to annoying flash sales.while video calling ,picture quality is very very bad.touch is not working while charging.phone brightness is very low......and so many small issues....:(.light indicator is not working.some times double tap wake up is not woking.One side speaker is not working.Very low outgoing volume so other person unable to hear my voice.Indoor and low light photos are bit lower quality.I have purchase this mobile in gold. But its totally loss of money. No better design its look like very un-design and local phone not like MI.Biggest issue is MI Battery is display 4000 mAh but in spec. 4100 mAh Bettery. Camera is not good. MI making fool with provide new phone with old parts. Its totally loss of money.Slightly disappointed.The person on the other side during a call is facing problem to hear my voice..... Very bad experience by this issue..Voice quality issues on call.In Redmi Note 4 video recording sound quality is very tiny and it disappointed me. Unsatisfactory.chutiyaappa mobile . this mobile is made for only increasing our blood pressureWorthless.Defective product. Could not get the replacement.sound is ok ok, not so good. 3rd class glass,very poor quality,got scratched.Voice call sound input is a disaster...If you unplug your earphone while listening music,music will not stop,it will be playing in your phone's speaker.. though it's a matter of a software update..!Low light camera is down... Brightness is really problem..sometimes screen gets black & again u need to adjust the brightness.Battery is very slow charging. U need to buy another Fast charging Charger for that.Camera is nowhere close to 13 mp.I really hoped a little bit more better camera .Disappointed with camera quality. Sim card tray is so fragile...at least give sim tray of nice built. Rest is ok. If u can compromise camera quality then go for it .don't use tempered glass its buttery smooth without glass.... but use carefully...Dead pixel..Cheap quality display are used by MI....There are 5 dead pixels in my redmi note 4...other peoples having note 4 have the same feedback.Full screen has dead pixels even after replacing... this is insane.Unsatisfactory.In this cell speaker makes different voice like karrkarr.Headphone should be provided which is missing in package.This Phone is Quite Good as Usability,But it's back is Quite Slippery.Terrible productDear flipkart.,This is your duty to tell each and every of your buyers to tell the exact conditions.. specifically related to any china made product..The phone.. which I had purchased from flipkart , one of my most worst deal in past 3 yrs.I am really sorry to using these words..as it may hamper the confidence of some of your buyers but.. this is my mental dilemma.. to tell you that..MIUI is not a worth of even 8k..Every one can enhance the memory up to128gb..by memory card and. So don't buy this phone for memory gift.. or ram.."The quality of camera" is exactly what one indian buyer can expect from chinese technology..The worst as ever..primary camera.. even more bad as front camera..Don't try to update your phone (mi note 4) again and again..it will only consume your time and will make you loose your temper..This was my worst deal ever with any chinese product..I don't want to even gova a single star..Dear flipkart , plz tell your fellow staff to..behave and support well to your daily customers..I had 3 talks and last was one of the time waste 20 mint call of my life with any customer care..I am giving .5 out of 5 because of five things..Phone camera..both primary secondary..same product with nothing new 12pm sale and out of stock policy to create excessive demand in customer.Fake terms and conditions relating to return policy and replacement policy..all time wasting staff with your team. To waste my time..And last.. for the breakdown of consumer trust on you..Badluck..or something that will always resist me to buy any thing on the yellow seller..It is for you information that i m using your phone last 10 days and observe the following issue.It takes 5 to 6 Hour to charge 100%.Voice quality is very bad always singal break at the time of calling.Screen pixel is too bad with your commitment i.e 401ppi my asus zenfone 2 laser has only 267 ppi but this is better than your? 401 ppi.At the time of charging its gonna heat up like iron, you can boil water with this phone.Useless product.Specification wise- very good..But not good for calling.... Voice clarity is not good while calling...Alternate solution- You have to use headphone for calling Which is not possible for every calls....Bad experience...Dash charging is missing!#Cellular call quality sucks .. other person sometimes can't hear you properly.#Camera is just average considering its price.#Even though it has 4 GB ram only around 2 GB is free and when you start using apps it's reduced to even around 750 mb.RAM CONSUMPTION ISSUE.The device uses more than 2.5 gb ram without installing any extra applications.Issue with mic, within 2 weeks after delivery. And I can't even get it replaced coz today's the 13th day after delivery and replacement can be done within 10 days. Disappointed. Plus the customer service executive was not helpful at all.Battery backup is not good 4000mah but later after using 2 month it drains fast.Sometimes the phone automatically restarts.Camera quality is even worse 4 gbs of ram but phone still hangs Overall I would say try another phone rather than going for mi note 4.Disappointed with camera quality, both front and back. Picture quality is not crisp.Not goodSmall Dotted found on display.Not found any major issue till now but sound level is bit low.Camera in low light is not much good.1. Software - as you guys knows Mi rocks with MIUI , and still it is very ram hungry , over 1.5 Gb ram always consumed by MIUI alone. update made it quite stable , hopefully we will see more frequent updates for stability and performance from Mi. *****update - no more updates yet , only one update so far, hopefully nougat is on the way. 2. Quick Charging - Its charging speed is limited i guess, it takes more then 2 and half hour for full charge. quick charge is a must have feature now. *****update - although it take lots of time to fully charge this device but in return u get really good battery life for for almost a day with heavy use.Did not meet expectations
All i can say is if u r a selfie lover. u can throw this phone in dustbin . I dont want to tell anymore . Useless product . Very fragile screen . When you take over the phone, Opposite person is unable to hear your voice . Bad calling experience . You will notice it later and by that time your "return" will expire . Bad bad bad . Brand and feature are very good but the flipkart give me defected phone . Bcoz in this phone display pixel are dead in many number . Recently i have claimed for that, and flipkart approved my replacement . After replacement of my phone i found that this is more worst to my old redmi note, bcoz there are many pixels dead and shown clearly . I am very disappointefrom flipkart . So i suggest everyone that please return the product if defected . Not replace . Dont buy further product from redmi .. i have been using redmi product since redmi 2 .. the china company actually fulled us .. its quality will display after 7-8months .. go for any reputed brand like lenovo moto samsung ..
After sales service is third class . dont buy it . storongly saying but atlast up to you . You will end-up in shouting in calls . 