Biggest heating issued after using 1 to 2 hours i am want to replace this phone.Camera is worst. 13mp is just a number for intex never go for it if u want good camera.Cemra bad quality and Tawer problem.camra is bad qiality but valaue money . Worst phone sold by flipkart. Didn't received earphones also sim slots are not working. Network issue is there. It's been second time in a row that I am facing this issue with flipkart . Networks are not working .Camera quality is very bad. And also bad speaker sound quality Camera is very very very bad, remaining all is ok . Call quality is bad, may due to mic problem. The Opposite person hears very less volume.slight heating issue also there .I am brought intex elyte e6 due to indian company and providing very good specifications but camera is not satisfied my exception.Biggest heating issued after using 1 to 2 hours i am want to replace this phone . Camera is worst. 13mp is just a number for intex never go for it if u want good camera. Other than that battery is good and performance is also ok. Delivery was really good by flipkart. Now coming to speaker its really bad and gives sound like a radio. Dont buy it by looking at its specs . Very ghtiya mobile. Pls don't waste your money.it is very poor and bad mobile . Battery backup is poor otherwise is good . Battery problem not charging fast....get 8 hrs to charge full....so worst . Not worthy.. cheap plastic 3rd class look alike. Earphone chrger also cheap which we can get in 50-100rs. From market.the plastic used to make the phone is too cheap.. even if u open back cover hardly it will break. Prefer don't by... Go for swipe elite or sansui or xolo don't go for it ..if u can't trust then buy nd let me know for sure. Thanks very much . very bad product 
its switch off automatically second its bad camera, bettry quality and this product is heating . Not worthy.. cheap plastic 3rd class look alike. Earphone chrger also cheap which we can get in 50-100rs. From market.the plastic used to make the phone is too cheap.. even if u open back cover hardly it will break. Prefer don't by... Go for swipe elite or sansui or xolo don't go for it ..if u can't trust then buy nd let me know for sure . the phone's touch has stopped working just after five days of receiving it! have been calling the flipkart guys but there is no help at all. what should I do??  Battery backup not good . very poor battery backup dont buy this phone .  Battery life is too short . Overall no value for money . 
The worst product, no charging nothing getting hanged after 1month pls do something . It is not a good product Excessive heat while talking and chargeing. Outdated product even unable to get a flip cover in the market as well as on Flipkart. Waste of money battery is too low no charging capacity . Camera quality is so poor, smoll size,like milti media. Don't purchase it . Very bad performance . Phone is not as per expected. For heavy usage this is not the phone. I used this phone for one week now and experience is below expectations . Worst experience. I gifted this phone to my mother but the problem is, she can't be able to receive the call on phone. Have some hardware or software problem in phone. No support from Flipkart and Intex.
Phone worked for a month and stopped working , bad phone . Worst experience ever! Voice problem speaker is very poor quality . Automatically reset . Bettary draining too fast need to charge minimum 3 time per day . Memory card not suported . Don't buy. Karbon a40 Indian better than this . This product is so bad many problems create in any time so please do not purchase this product and also Flipkart services very bad because they can't understand customer problem . Very Poor performance and restarting issue . Camera is is look like 1 mega pixel means very bad .network performance is not good . Mobile heat after net use 5 minute net very slow work . Some issue have with the depth enabled mode not working. But still its absolutely value for money....
I think the phone which I got was returned by some one else company screen guard was not on the phone which shows the fetures Screen guard . Do buy dis item waste of money worth experience again shopping from Flipkart DNT buy any thing return policy is disappointing you . Got the used one with tempered glass pasted on it with too many scratches.will never buy any mobile from future on this so called Flipkart...cheaters . Battery life is too short . Don't waste money to buy this product. My k8 note battery life is too short . Phone gets heated at charging . Handset is not in box.....bad . Phone hangs a lot, network is not stable, call cut and pause, text msg not going with this phone, camera is bad. I request return within 10 days period as per policy but flipkart denies return. Don't purchase as it is your risk......
Refurbished handset send.. Not good . So many bugs & got this delivery with some marks on its backcover and not recommend to buy this . THE PRODUCT IS NOT AS PER DESCRIPTION.  The worest product and worest Flipkart . Repairing phone u give me . Earcord wasn't there . It is completely waste of money... Battery of this phone is worst . Do not buy this product . Don't buy this product, heavy heating issue and flipkart response issue also available . Wifi hotspot teathering doesent work on windows 10 laptop. (Device itself not detected on wifi). Battery drains fast. Camera is just average. do not show qualities of 13 MP. But it seems as an issue with camera software. Basic call recording feature, silent mode switch etc missing in stock android. But lacks something in reality. Not satisfied...It's heat a lot.
I just purchased it from flipcart. I M very sorry to say that this is wrost product of Lenovo. I have purchased k4 and k5 note and think that k8 note will be best product. But I m very much unhappy to see scen quality. And when I complain to return product flipcart technical person visit and after checking assure me that product will be replaced soon. But after that he ask to company that he has resolve my complain. Pls take it seriously flipcart.I want return and , kindly refund my amount. actually LENOVO K8 NOTE not well performer according to congregation and not to price value. Don't buy this product really worst product to use . It has been already opened packet I get bad experience . Don't buy Lenovo K8 for camera as 13MP.....Also as per my experience battery backup is also bad... I placed replacement for this product on 23 Dec 2017 but till today not received new product.... 
Not good product. My lenovo k8 note was over heating, with in 3 days touch are not working, every time i restart the device, camera also problem, every time its display camera busy please restart your device.dont waste your money.flipkart also reject the return don't buy flipkart The phone get heated constantly even if I use only WhatsApp ...Charging is fast... Only concern is camera quality. The mobile is good enough for daily uses.. But battery & camera department lacks a little bit.Battery does average performance.Got the badest experience on front camera the pics are not clear and if you on the selfi mode its look like a 3.d image which looks fake..Battery life is very less. Need to charge 3 times in my 9 office working hours as my net is on continuously.Bad cellphone.Phone looks is very good, flexible, smooth and smart,But there's having battery backup issue, voice problem and auto disconnect during incoming or outgoing calls, netwrk issue etc. it's front camera is not upto mark, battery backup is not very good.Small disappointment with back camera ..Front camera is ok..Good phone(3.5),but this phone is not for selfie lovers.There is no doubt this is a good phone.but front camera quality is very very poor. this is not for selfie lovers.Best mobile but flash sale is not correct. Speaker is not upto the mark. It's loud but not clear enough.Camera should be better in some cases.Fast charging not available.MIUI prioritize looks over performance just opposite to the Oxygen OS. I hope updates shall bring balance. Lacks availability due to annoying flash sales.while video calling ,picture quality is very very bad.touch is not working while charging.phone brightness is very low......and so many small issues....:(.light indicator is not working.some times double tap wake up is not woking.One side speaker is not working.Very low outgoing volume so other person unable to hear my voice.Indoor and low light photos are bit lower quality.I have purchase this mobile in gold. But its totally loss of money. No better design its look like very un-design and local phone not like MI.Biggest issue is MI Battery is display 4000 mAh but in spec. 4100 mAh Bettery. Camera is not good. MI making fool with provide new phone with old parts. Its totally loss of money.Slightly disappointed.The person on the other side during a call is facing problem to hear my voice..... Very bad experience by this issue..Voice quality issues on call.In Redmi Note 4 video recording sound quality is very tiny and it disappointed me. Unsatisfactory.chutiyaappa mobile . this mobile is made for only increasing our blood pressureWorthless.Defective product. Could not get the replacement.sound is ok ok, not so good. 3rd class glass,very poor quality,got scratched.Voice call sound input is a disaster...If you unplug your earphone while listening music,music will not stop,it will be playing in your phone's speaker.. though it's a matter of a software update..!Low light camera is down... Brightness is really problem..sometimes screen gets black & again u need to adjust the brightness.Battery is very slow charging. U need to buy another Fast charging Charger for that.Camera is nowhere close to 13 mp.I really hoped a little bit more better camera .Disappointed with camera quality. Sim card tray is so fragile...at least give sim tray of nice built. Rest is ok. If u can compromise camera quality then go for it .don't use tempered glass its buttery smooth without glass.... but use carefully...Dead pixel..Cheap quality display are used by MI....There are 5 dead pixels in my redmi note 4...other peoples having note 4 have the same feedback.Full screen has dead pixels even after replacing... this is insane.Unsatisfactory.In this cell speaker makes different voice like karrkarr.Headphone should be provided which is missing in package.This Phone is Quite Good as Usability,But it's back is Quite Slippery.Terrible productDear flipkart.,This is your duty to tell each and every of your buyers to tell the exact conditions.. specifically related to any china made product..The phone.. which I had purchased from flipkart , one of my most worst deal in past 3 yrs.I am really sorry to using these words..as it may hamper the confidence of some of your buyers but.. this is my mental dilemma.. to tell you that..MIUI is not a worth of even 8k..Every one can enhance the memory up to128gb..by memory card and. So don't buy this phone for memory gift.. or ram.."The quality of camera" is exactly what one indian buyer can expect from chinese technology..The worst as ever..primary camera.. even more bad as front camera..Don't try to update your phone (mi note 4) again and again..it will only consume your time and will make you loose your temper..This was my worst deal ever with any chinese product..I don't want to even gova a single star..Dear flipkart , plz tell your fellow staff to..behave and support well to your daily customers..I had 3 talks and last was one of the time waste 20 mint call of my life with any customer care..I am giving .5 out of 5 because of five things..Phone camera..both primary secondary..same product with nothing new 12pm sale and out of stock policy to create excessive demand in customer.Fake terms and conditions relating to return policy and replacement policy..all time wasting staff with your team. To waste my time..And last.. for the breakdown of consumer trust on you..Badluck..or something that will always resist me to buy any thing on the yellow seller..It is for you information that i m using your phone last 10 days and observe the following issue.It takes 5 to 6 Hour to charge 100%.Voice quality is very bad always singal break at the time of calling.Screen pixel is too bad with your commitment i.e 401ppi my asus zenfone 2 laser has only 267 ppi but this is better than your? 401 ppi.At the time of charging its gonna heat up like iron, you can boil water with this phone.Useless product.Specification wise- very good..But not good for calling.... Voice clarity is not good while calling...Alternate solution- You have to use headphone for calling Which is not possible for every calls....Bad experience...Dash charging is missing!#Cellular call quality sucks .. other person sometimes can't hear you properly.#Camera is just average considering its price.#Even though it has 4 GB ram only around 2 GB is free and when you start using apps it's reduced to even around 750 mb.RAM CONSUMPTION ISSUE.The device uses more than 2.5 gb ram without installing any extra applications.Issue with mic, within 2 weeks after delivery. And I can't even get it replaced coz today's the 13th day after delivery and replacement can be done within 10 days. Disappointed. Plus the customer service executive was not helpful at all.Battery backup is not good 4000mah but later after using 2 month it drains fast.Sometimes the phone automatically restarts.Camera quality is even worse 4 gbs of ram but phone still hangs Overall I would say try another phone rather than going for mi note 4.Disappointed with camera quality, both front and back. Picture quality is not crisp.Not goodSmall Dotted found on display.Not found any major issue till now but sound level is bit low.Camera in low light is not much good.1. Software - as you guys knows Mi rocks with MIUI , and still it is very ram hungry , over 1.5 Gb ram always consumed by MIUI alone. update made it quite stable , hopefully we will see more frequent updates for stability and performance from Mi. *****update - no more updates yet , only one update so far, hopefully nougat is on the way. 2. Quick Charging - Its charging speed is limited i guess, it takes more then 2 and half hour for full charge. quick charge is a must have feature now. *****update - although it take lots of time to fully charge this device but in return u get really good battery life for for almost a day with heavy use.Did not meet expectations
All i can say is if u r a selfie lover. u can throw this phone in dustbin . I dont want to tell anymore . Useless product . Very fragile screen . When you take over the phone, Opposite person is unable to hear your voice . Bad calling experience . You will notice it later and by that time your "return" will expire . Bad bad bad . Brand and feature are very good but the flipkart give me defected phone . Bcoz in this phone display pixel are dead in many number . Recently i have claimed for that, and flipkart approved my replacement . After replacement of my phone i found that this is more worst to my old redmi note, bcoz there are many pixels dead and shown clearly . I am very disappointefrom flipkart . So i suggest everyone that please return the product if defected . Not replace . Dont buy further product from redmi .. i have been using redmi product since redmi 2 .. the china company actually fulled us .. its quality will display after 7-8months .. go for any reputed brand like lenovo moto samsung ..
After sales service is third class . dont buy it . storongly saying but atlast up to you . You will end-up in shouting in calls . 

 



 








 