It's superb . Camera could have been better keeping the price range . Afterall an Awesome mobile . Nice and Worthy.. It's a awesome mobile with awesome features and it's very handy and comfortable to hold it in our hands..... I just loved the phone ......and best delivery . I am using this phone for the past 1 month . And have to admit, i am really impressed . Awesome phone....... great looks and great build quality looks very premium . Good and quick delivery by flipkart . Great battery life . Good build quality . No lagging . No heating . Good camera . Great fingerprint sensor Stylish Finish . Elegant . Awesome Camera . RichImages . Handy Usage . Good Battery Backup . Good Resolution . Nice Audio Quality . Camera quality is awesome, both indoor & outdoor shots have decent quality . Design is super awesome, specially display has curvy edges which gives an awesome feel . Just for some screen protection, I have applied a glass protector . But the touch experience on bare screen or without protector is simply awesome . Nice phone . Everything is good . Excellent mobile . dont listen to fake reviews ...... no heating issue .......no cons ..... adding to the camera .... it has front screen flash ..... The large display on the Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 is perfect for watching movies, playing games and much more.Superb phone .. Built quality excellent .. Jio runs superb ... very fast . Fabulous, Fantastic, Furious and Futuristic ! Excellent Phone in this Price . Battery Life Excellent . Camera quality is Good . Processor lightning Fast . Screen Quality is Excellent . 64 GB and 4 GB Combination is perfect . Just go for it . If you need only camera phone than don't go . But if you need all-round than go for it . You can't get better combination in this Price at this Time . Nice slim design with 2.5D glass .Outstanding performance . (SD 625 is very efficient & almost 2GB RAM remains free at any instant to accompany the CPU) . Camera is decent at out doors & front camera is also great . ( Root your note 4 to unlock 4k recoding and manual shutter speed so as to shoot like a pro) . Screen is just amazing . Colours pop . Overall MIUI experience is very decent and friendly . Tons of customizable features for enthusiasts . (Thanks to MIUI) . Fingerprint sensor does it's job like a boss . No heating issue till writing this review . Awesome battery backup . ( Thanks to 14nm process) . Almost all required sensors in a smartphone are available . Pretty Fast . Camera is good, specifically the front camera . Pretty Fast . Camera is good, specifically the front camera . good looks . batter camera . good sound compare to mi note 3 . more then 1 Hr extra battery backup . no heating problem . good sound quality . great performance .. In this price it is best . Nice . looks better than redmi note 3 . Excellent performance and multitasking due to 4gb of Ram . No sign of lag . Touch is smooth and super responsive . Phone features are awesome . Some apps and features are really very helpful for day to day life . Dual apps support is there . You can have two facebook,two whatsapp, two imo at a same time.4g network and volte enabled.It could have better. My lenovo k3 note has better sound than mi 4 note.camera is the most talked about feature of this phone after its realese. I have tested it today. Checked with the normal light, outdoor condition, low light. Outdoor photo is superb. received it the next day.Wonderful.Excellent.I was always a Moto lover but my trust got built through Redmi 3S prime and that trust pushed me to try this phone and surprisingly I found a very good phone with excellent features with a awesome front and back camera & now who needs a memory card with a 64gb storage phone, battery is a killer and lasting upto 2 days with continuous 4g usage, sound is crisp with dual speakersHighly satisfied with a week's usage.Awesome phone.Superb battery back up.Nice performance.Font camera clarity too good.phone is good in all other sections in this price range.Best Product in this price category.. Must buy..Perfect product!Value for money!Really a great experience. Phone got delivered within three days.Snapdragon 625 makes it very smooth and 4Gb RAM makes it very efficient. Great gaming experience:-*Camera is not that good during day light but gives nice low light capturing performance.MIUI 8 provides perfect user friendliness with customized themes.There are many special inbuilt features provided by Redmi Note4 :Customizing notification bar, second space, dual apps, permissions (which makes phone more secure from third party apps), one handed phone(minimizes screen window which helps user to use it one handed), quick ball, child mode, three fingers scrollable screenshot and many more.....!And there are many more reasons to buy this phone which you all will know when you buy it!!!Best phone to buy under 15k.No heating ND nice profamence.good looks batter camera.good sound compare to mi note 3.more then 1 Hr extra battery backup.no heating problem.Classy product.Awesome phone...Mind-blowing purchase.Awesome delivery in 2days...Good Finishing of Redmi Note 4 Black and very smooth to using and camera is also superbb... No prmblm in battery or Anything... At last aswsome mobile in this range.Worth every pennyOne of best phone under 13k ...impressive built Quality... Good Camera nd powerful hardware.Good product...poor delivery by EkatrI got my order on 30 April which I had collected personally from Ekart Borivali office.Process:- 4GB RAM gives awesome speed.System does not hang. 64 GB ROM is good at this priceBattery backup is very good.BrilliantI have received redmi note 4 black matte 64gb version today. Packaging is so good.About phone: its fabulous phone.Amazing battery back up, good camera, great memory, beautiful colour of phone with classy primium look of black matte makes it different from other phone. I am loving every feature of this phone.great product.don't watch any youtube video regarding the phone go for its i want say in one word its awesome everything camera ,battery, speed of processing is ultra fast so, don't wasted your time on youtube and go for it specially 4gb 64gb version ....i am happy with this phone .Phone is nice great lookMetal body look premium Ram management is poor Out of 4 gb only 1.8 gb is free without installing any appBattery backup is very nicebut it t takes 2.45 hours to fully charge not 2 hours as everyone is saying. Display is crisp and vibrant Touch is very nice smooth.Super!Redmi Note 4!! Gave performance more than expected. The phone in the era of competition. Satisfied my wishes and expectations.Super!Looks are a stunning. Charging time is higher compare to other. Black 64 GB is the best option .Screen brightness is still need to be improved . Memory card option with two sim not possible but that is not required if we opt for 64 GB. Approx 52 GB and 2 GB ram is available . Speaker is in bottom not back side which is good. Overall keeping in mind of 13000 rs it's not a bad option. In fact it's a very good option. Wonderful Mobile!!! Battery life is good,Display quality is good, Good looking, Camera can be made even better, #Battery Life is good.#Does not heat a lot.#Fast Processing.Worth the mone.Good Mobile. Value for money.It is a excellent mobile phone and a excellent service by flipkart...Awesome.Best fonein this budget.Battery life is awesome. It lasts full day without charging and I am left with around 60-70% at end of the day with heavy usage.Camera quality is good, both front and rear.MIUI is good./ Display is pleasing.Excellent.AWESOME SIMPLY AWESOME......WHAT A FABULOUS BODY.......THIS IS BEAUTY AND THE BEAST ........A far far far upgraded camera a awesome batery life ... No heating.....A AWESOME DISPLAY .......ONE OF THE BEST LOOK in the world...and that Curved glass is just oh mah godddd.......WORTH EACH AND EVERY PENNY..... LADIES AND GENTLEMEN LET ME PRESENT YOU THE BEST PHONE OF THE YEAR- REDMI NOTE 41. Performance - its best in class, its budget phone but you will be surprised how smooth it is when its performs, performance got even better after i updated it (yes, you can update it with new MIUI system stability update right after you unbox your device and use it for first time.) *****update - using it as my daily driver with my primary gmail acc, installed almost 100 apps, no issue or bugs, some hiccups with nova launcher but its not device problem, hope devs can fix it. 2. design - its best in class, you can feel in hand that it is premium product. *****update - applied screen protector and ipaky cover, now its heavy but still premium, look for covers and screenguard at ebay , good deals and perfect fit for phone. 3. Battery life - As Mi compared it to pixel and iphone 7, im not saying it's bad but i'm really getting over 5 to 6 Hours of SOT with high usage. So its really Got a good battery life. *****update - still getting over 5 hours of SOT, avg 4.5 to 5.2 hours.4. Screen - its a 1080p IPS panel, similar to redmi note 3, but its more richer and colours are more Brighter on Note 4, make sure you use a screen guard on it or be careful with the screen :). *****update - make sure u apply a screen guard :) 5. Connectivity - Device comes with all standard features Like 4G Volte, BT 4.1,Wifi etc , no issues with Jio or any other 4g network Provider. *****update - i found device gets hot if u use jio constantly like when you watching full hd videos on youtube or make video calls, but later i found its bcoz jio4gvoice app, make sure u kill other apps at background during standby mode, use apps like greenify.. 6. Camera - i took some Pics on day light and night time, few with low lights, after using every mods and custom apps with custom settings , i can say that its a good camera, not the best camera , but its better then most of the other budget devices and really better then redmi 3s prime and redmi note 3. *****update - camera is good not the best, no issues while using it. 7. No heating issue - i'm using this device now for 3 days, and i didn't faced any heating issue normally , i played games (clash of clans and clash royale which are power and connection hungry) for like 2 hours straight and it did got heat up at back panel near camera and mid section , but its got cooled down in few minutes,and there was no lag or performance issues while i was playing those games. *****update - it does gets hot only if u use in ultra mode like watching full hd videos constantly in 4g network or play intense gfx games for longer period, rest of the time its always stays cool. 8. Double tap to wake up - you guys know already its a good feature, its gonna be more awesome if we can double tap to make screen off :D. also they added some nice gesture like pressing volume buttons wakes the device, volume down twice will launch camera, also many cool gesture are available in MIUI like 3 finger swipe for screenshot etc. *****update - enjoying it.Excellent
India's no. 1 phone 4gb 64gb in 9899 rupees only 
